Update melt description (#1237)
iotaledger/iota-wiki: docs/build/iota-sdk/1.0/docs/how-tos/native-tokens/melt.mdx

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

> Melting native tokens refers to the process of converting or "melting" them back into their foundry. This changes the circulating supply and allows for new token to be [minted](./mint.mdx) again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Melting native tokens means converting or "melting" them into their foundry. This changes the circulating supply and allows for new tokens to be [minted](./mint.mdx) again.
```
